Add language changes to the SL GA release note (#1824)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-GA-release-note.md

type Person object {
   string name;
   string code;
  
   function getRegistrationId(string prefix) returns string;
};
 
function createPerson(string name, int id, string department) returns Person|error {
   string codeId = check getCode(id);
 
   Person person = object {
       string name;
       string code = codeId; // Refers to the `codeId` local variable.
 
       function init() {
           self.name = name; // Refers to the `name` parameter.
       }
 
       function getRegistrationId(string prefix) returns string {
           string regId = department + ":" + self.code; // Refers to the `department` parameter.
 
           if (prefix.length() > 0) {
               return prefix + "-" + regId;
           }
 
           return regId;
       }
   };
 
   return person;
}
 
function getCode(int id) returns string|error {
   if id < 0 {
       return error("Invalid ID");
   }
   return id.toString();
}
```

#### Bug Fixes

- A bug which resulted in constants being resolved with incorrect types in certain scenarios has been fixed. The type of constants is now the intersection of readonly and the singleton type containing just the shape of the value named by the constant.

> ```ballerina
> // Previously, the type of X was `int` and now it is singleton `2`.
> const int X = 1 + 1;
>  
> public function main() {
>    // Now results in an error.
>    X y = 3;
> }
> ```

Author: ````suggestion
  ```ballerina
  // Previously, the type of X was `int` and now it is singleton `2`.
  const int X = 1 + 1;
   
  public function main() {
     // Now results in an error.
     X y = 3;
  }
  ```
````

```ballerina
// Previously the type of X was `map<int>`, now it is the intersection of readonly
// and the singleton type containing just the mapping value `{a: 1}`.
const map<int> X = {a: 1};
 
public function main() {
   // Now, this results in an error.
   X y = {a: 2};
}

> ```

Author: ````suggestion
  ```ballerina
  // Previously the type of X was `map<int>`, now it is the intersection of readonly
  // and the singleton type containing just the mapping value `{a: 1}`.
  const map<int> X = {a: 1};
   
  public function main() {
     // Now, this results in an error.
     X y = {a: 2};
  }
  ```
````

> ```ballerina
> // Previously, the type of X was `map<int>` and now it is the intersection of readonly
> // and the singleton type containing just the mapping value `{a: 1}`.
> const map<int> X = {a: 1};
>  
> public function main() {
>    // Now, this results in an error.
>    X y = {a: 2};
> }
> ```

Author: ````suggestion
  ```ballerina
  // Previously, the type of X was `map<int>` and now it is the intersection of readonly
  // and the singleton type containing just the mapping value `{a: 1}`.
  const map<int> X = {a: 1};
   
  public function main() {
     // Now, this results in an error.
     X y = {a: 2};
  }
  ```
````

- A spec deviation in type narrowing has been fixed. This may result in types that were previously narrowed no longer being narrowed.

Consider the following records.

> ```ballerina
> type Employee record {
>    int id;
>    string name;
>    string department;
> };
>  
> type Student record {
>    string id;
>    string name;
>    int grade;
> };
> ```

Author: ````suggestion
  ```ballerina
  type Employee record {
     int id;
     string name;
     string department;
  };
   
  type Student record {
     string id;
     string name;
     int grade;
  };
  ```
````

Previously, when a type test was used as follows, the type of `v` in the else block was narrowed to `Student`.

> ```ballerina
> function fn(Employee|Student v) {
>    if v is Employee {
>        // `v` is narrowed to `Employee` here.
>        string dept = v.department;
>    } else {
>        // `v` was previously narrowed to `Student` here.
>        // Will now result in a compilation error.
>        int grade = v.grade;
>    }
> }
> ```

Author: ````suggestion
  ```ballerina
  function fn(Employee|Student v) {
     if v is Employee {
         // `v` is narrowed to `Employee` here.
         string dept = v.department;
     } else {
         // `v` was previously narrowed to `Student` here.
         // Will now result in a compilation error.
         int grade = v.grade;
     }
  }
  ```
````

Even though jBallerina currently allows only values that belong to either `Employee` or `Student` to be passed as arguments for the parameter of type `Employee|Student`, the Ballerina specification defines subtyping to be semantic. This along with mutability would mean that a value that does not belong to `Employee` nor `Student` but belongs to `Employee|Student` can be passed as an argument here, which results in the possibility of the value not belonging to `Student` in the else block.

For example, one would be able to call `fn` with the following.

> ```ballerina
> public function main() {
>    record {|
>        int|string id;
>        string name;
>        anydata grade;
>        anydata department;
>    |} rec = {
>        id: "A1234",
>        name: "Amy",
>        department: ["physics", 1],
>        grade: 12
>    };
>    fn(rec);
> }
> ```

Author: ````suggestion
  ```ballerina
  public function main() {
     record {|
         int|string id;
         string name;
         anydata grade;
         anydata department;
     |} rec = {
         id: "A1234",
         name: "Amy",
         department: ["physics", 1],
         grade: 12
     };
     fn(rec);
  }
  ```
````

Although it is not possible to call this function in this manner at the moment since jBallerina does not support semantic subtyping, the changes to narrowing have been introduced in this release to minimize future incompatibility issues.

- A spec deviation which allowed non-required fields of records/maps and error detail records/maps to be bound using mapping and error binding patterns in variable declarations and destructuring assignment statements has been fixed. Attempting to bind a non-required field will now result in a compilation error.

> ```ballerina
> type Employee record {
>    string name;
>    int age?;
> };
>  
> function bindEmployee(Employee emp) {
>    string empName;
>    int empAge;
>  
>    // The 'age' field is optional in the `Employee` record type-descriptor.
>    // Therefore, attempting to bind it will now result in compilation errors.  
>    {name: empName, age: empAge} = emp; // error for `age: empAge`
>    var {name: empNameOne, age: empAgeOne} = emp; // error for `age: empAgeOne`
>  
>    // Similarly, since there is no required `department` field in the `Employee`
>    // record, the following will also result in an error.
>    var {name, department} = emp; // error for `department`
> }
>  
> type Error error<record {| int code?; string identifier; boolean...; |}>;
>  
> function bindError(Error err) {
>    // The 'code' field is optional in the detail record of `Error`.
>    // Therefore, attempting to bind it will now result in a compilation error.
>    Error error(message1, code = code1, identifier = identifier1) = err; // error for 'code = code1'
>  
>    // Similarly, attempting to bind an undefined (non-required) `fatal` field will
>    // also result in a compilation error.
>    var error(message, fatal = fatal) = err; // error for 'fatal = fatal'
> }
> ```

Author: ````suggestion
  ```ballerina
  type Employee record {
     string name;
     int age?;
  };
   
  function bindEmployee(Employee emp) {
     string empName;
     int empAge;
   
     // The 'age' field is optional in the `Employee` record type-descriptor.
     // Therefore, attempting to bind it will now result in compilation errors.  
     {name: empName, age: empAge} = emp; // error for `age: empAge`
     var {name: empNameOne, age: empAgeOne} = emp; // error for `age: empAgeOne`
   
     // Similarly, since there is no required `department` field in the `Employee`
     // record, the following will also result in an error.
     var {name, department} = emp; // error for `department`
  }
   
  type Error error<record {| int code?; string identifier; boolean...; |}>;
   
  function bindError(Error err) {
     // The 'code' field is optional in the detail record of `Error`.
     // Therefore, attempting to bind it will now result in a compilation error.
     Error error(message1, code = code1, identifier = identifier1) = err; // error for 'code = code1'
   
     // Similarly, attempting to bind an undefined (non-required) `fatal` field will
     // also result in a compilation error.
     var error(message, fatal = fatal) = err; // error for 'fatal = fatal'
  }
  ```

````

- Ballerina allows shadowing only variables that belong to the module-scope. A bug in the compiler that resulted in some illegal variable shadowing scenarios not being detected has been fixed.

> ```ballerina
> function fn(int y, int z) returns int {
>    function (int, int, int) returns int f = (x, y, z) => x + y + z; // error: redeclared symbols 'y' and 'z'
>  
>    int x = 34; // This is not in an overlapping scope, so, it does not result in an error.
>    return f(12, 32, 33);
> }
>  
> function createService(int age) returns
>        service object { public function getAgeInFiveYears(int age) returns int; } {
>    return service object {
>            public function getAgeInFiveYears(int age) returns int { // error: redeclared symbol 'age'
>                return 5 + age;
>            }
>        };
> }
> ```

Author: ````suggestion
  ```ballerina
  function fn(int y, int z) returns int {
     function (int, int, int) returns int f = (x, y, z) => x + y + z; // error: redeclared symbols 'y' and 'z'
   
     int x = 34; // This is not in an overlapping scope, so, it does not result in an error.
     return f(12, 32, 33);
  }
   
  function createService(int age) returns
         service object { public function getAgeInFiveYears(int age) returns int; } {
     return service object {
             public function getAgeInFiveYears(int age) returns int { // error: redeclared symbol 'age'
                 return 5 + age;
             }
         };
  }
  ```
````

- A bug that caused classes with all `final` fields of immutable types to be considered a `readonly class` (i,e., a subtype of `readonly`) has been fixed.

Such a class can no longer be used in a context that expects a subtype of `readonly`.

> ```ballerina
> class Person {
>    final string name;
>    final string[] & readonly address;
>  
>    function init(string name, string[] address) {
>        self.name = name;
>        self.address = address.cloneReadOnly();
>    }
>  
>    function getAddress() returns string => string:'join(", ", ...self.address);
> }
>  
> public function main() {
>    Person person = new ("May", ["Palm Grove", "Colombo 3"]);
>   
>    // This, which was allowed previously results in an error now.
>    readonly readOnlyValue = person;
> }
> ```

Author: ````suggestion
  ```ballerina
  class Person {
     final string name;
     final string[] & readonly address;
   
     function init(string name, string[] address) {
         self.name = name;
         self.address = address.cloneReadOnly();
     }
   
     function getAddress() returns string => string:'join(", ", ...self.address);
  }
   
  public function main() {
     Person person = new ("May", ["Palm Grove", "Colombo 3"]);
    
     // This, which was allowed previously results in an error now.
     readonly readOnlyValue = person;
  }
  ```
````

- A bug that resulted in invalid table lookups due to not distinguishing between `int`, `float`, and `decimal` zero has been fixed.

> ```ballerina
> import ballerina/io;
>  
> type Employee record {|
>    readonly int|float|decimal age;
>    int code;
> |};
>  
> public function main() {
>    table<Employee> key(age) empTable = table [
>        {age: 0, code: 100} // int `0` is the key
>    ];
>  
>    Employee? v1 = empTable[0f]; // Lookup with float `0` as the key.
>    io:println(v1 is Employee); // Previously `true`, now `false`.
>  
>    Employee? v2 = empTable[0d]; // Lookup with decimal `0` as the key.
>    io:println(v2 is Employee); // Previously `true`, now `false`.
>  
>    Employee? v3 = empTable[0]; // Lookup with int `0` as the key.
>    io:println(v3 is Employee); // Only this will continue to be `true`.
> }
> ```

Author: ````suggestion
  ```ballerina
  import ballerina/io;
   
  type Employee record {|
     readonly int|float|decimal age;
     int code;
  |};
   
  public function main() {
     table<Employee> key(age) empTable = table [
         {age: 0, code: 100} // int `0` is the key
     ];
   
     Employee? v1 = empTable[0f]; // Lookup with float `0` as the key.
     io:println(v1 is Employee); // Previously `true`, now `false`.
   
     Employee? v2 = empTable[0d]; // Lookup with decimal `0` as the key.
     io:println(v2 is Employee); // Previously `true`, now `false`.
   
     Employee? v3 = empTable[0]; // Lookup with int `0` as the key.
     io:println(v3 is Employee); // Only this will continue to be `true`.
  }
  ```
````

```ballerina
type Person object {
   string name;
   string code;
  
   function getRegistrationId(string prefix) returns string;
};
 
function createPerson(string name, int id, string department) returns Person|error {
   string codeId = check getCode(id);
 
   Person person = object {
       string name;
       string code = codeId; // Refers to the `codeId` local variable.
 
       function init() {
           self.name = name; // Refers to the `name` parameter.
       }
 
       function getRegistrationId(string prefix) returns string {
           string regId = department + ":" + self.code; // Refers to the `department` parameter.
 
           if (prefix.length() > 0) {
               return prefix + "-" + regId;
           }
 
           return regId;
       }
   };
 
   return person;
}
 
function getCode(int id) returns string|error {
   if id < 0 {
       return error("Invalid ID");
   }
   return id.toString();
}
```

#### Bug Fixes

> - A bug which resulted in constants being resolved with incorrect types in certain scenarios has been fixed. The type of constants is now the intersection of readonly and the singleton type containing just the shape of the value named by the constant.

Author: Is this correct? IMO reads like "because we fixed a bug constants are being resolved with incorrect types".

We've used this format previously also btw. E.g., https://ballerina.io/downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-beta4

> - A bug which resulted in constants being resolved with incorrect types in certain scenarios has been fixed. The type of constants is now the intersection of readonly and the singleton type containing just the shape of the value named by the constant.

Reviewer: Changed for consistency purposes as all bullet points to start with a verb in the past tense form. This is the practice followed in the other sections as well. (E.g., `Fixed`, `Added`, `Made`, etc.)

For example, see https://ballerina.io/downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-beta6/#improvements.

> - A bug which resulted in constants being resolved with incorrect types in certain scenarios has been fixed. The type of constants is now the intersection of readonly and the singleton type containing just the shape of the value named by the constant.

Author: This is not what we had in previous lang PRs. 

Some of these are misleading now IMO.

https://ballerina.io/downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-beta4/#change-in-expected-return-statements-in-a-function-with-an-optional-type-as-the-return-type says

```
Updated a function having an optional type that is not a subtype of error? as the return type to explicitly return a value.
```

whereas the original PR (https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-release/pull/1312/files#diff-38b0e1c5c10df6f38a8492a9042fab3d5be39ee28292b9502c5b986733eab3c6R329) had 

```
A function having an optional type that is not a subtype of `error?` as the return type is now expected to explicitly return a value.
```

These are not the same IMO. What we have in bio reads like we have updated a function. But what we wanted to say was the user should add these return statments!

> - A bug which resulted in constants being resolved with incorrect types in certain scenarios has been fixed. The type of constants is now the intersection of readonly and the singleton type containing just the shape of the value named by the constant.

Author: I will rephrase the GA bug fixes in the required form. But going forward can we make sure that significant changes such as these are suggested/introduced with the PRs the teams send itself, rather than the final PR sent for bio? I believe this is what we discussed also.

Looping in @anupama-pathirage also.

> - A bug which resulted in constants being resolved with incorrect types in certain scenarios has been fixed. The type of constants is now the intersection of readonly and the singleton type containing just the shape of the value named by the constant.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that caused constants to be resolved with incorrect types in certain scenarios. The type of constants is now the intersection of readonly and the singleton type containing just the shape of the value named by the constant.
```

> - A bug which resulted in constants being resolved with incorrect types in certain scenarios has been fixed. The type of constants is now the intersection of readonly and the singleton type containing just the shape of the value named by the constant.

Reviewer 2: Agreed with @MaryamZi here. Seems the meaning is completely different if we rephrase it as `Fixed a bug, which resulted in constants being resolve...`. To me it sounds like we fixed a bug and that resulted in another bug :) .

IMO, we should follow consistency practices only when it makes sense and only when the original meaning is not changing.

> - A bug which resulted in constants being resolved with incorrect types in certain scenarios has been fixed. The type of constants is now the intersection of readonly and the singleton type containing just the shape of the value named by the constant.

Reviewer: +1 Will note these in the future. Thanks!

> ```ballerina

Author: Fixed.

> // Previously the type of X was `int`, now it is singleton `2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Previously, the type of X was `int` and now it is singleton `2`.
```

const int X = 1 + 1;
 
public function main() {
   // Now results in an error.
   X y = 3;
}
```

```ballerina

> // Previously the type of X was `map<int>`, now it is the intersection of readonly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Previously, the type of X was `map<int>` and now it is the intersection of readonly,
```

Author: Why do we need a command after readonly.

The sentence is like
```
Now it is the intersection of readonly and the singleton type containing just the mapping value `{a: 1}`.
```

Author: Will change to 

```suggestion
// Previously, the type of X was `map<int>` and now it is the intersection of readonly
```

// and the singleton type containing just the mapping value `{a: 1}`.
const map<int> X = {a: 1};
 
public function main() {

>    // Now results in an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   // Now, this results in an error.
```

   X y = {a: 2};
}
```

> - A spec deviation in type narrowing has been fixed. This may result in types that were previously narrowed no longer being narrowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a spec deviation in type narrowing. This may result in types that were previously narrowed no longer being narrowed
```

Reviewer: Same as this [comment](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-release/pull/1824#discussion_r794987126).

Consider the following records.

```ballerina
type Employee record {
   int id;
   string name;
   string department;
};
 
type Student record {
   string id;
   string name;
   int grade;
};
```

> Previously when a type test was used as follows, the type of `v` in the else block was narrowed to `Student`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when a type test was used as follows, the type of `v` in the else block was narrowed to `Student`.
```

       // Will now result in a compilation error.
       int grade = v.grade;
   }
}
```

Even though jBallerina currently allows only values that belong to either `Employee` or `Student` to be passed as arguments for the parameter of type `Employee|Student`, the Ballerina specification defines subtyping to be semantic. This along with mutability would mean that a value that does not belong to `Employee` nor `Student` but belongs to `Employee|Student` can be passed as an argument here, which results in the possibility of the value not belonging to `Student` in the else block.

For example, one would be able to call `fn` with the following.

```ballerina
public function main() {
   record {|
       int|string id;
       string name;
       anydata grade;
       anydata department;
   |} rec = {
       id: "A1234",
       name: "Amy",
       department: ["physics", 1],
       grade: 12
   };
   fn(rec);
}
```

Although it is not possible to call this function in this manner at the moment since jBallerina does not support semantic subtyping, the changes to narrowing have been introduced in this release to minimize future incompatibility issues.

> - A spec deviation which allowed non-required fields of records/maps and error detail records/maps to be bound using mapping and error binding patterns in variable declarations and destructuring assignment statements has been fixed. Attempting to bind a non-required field will now result in a compilation error.

Reviewer: Same as this [comment](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-release/pull/1824#discussion_r794987126).

> - A spec deviation which allowed non-required fields of records/maps and error detail records/maps to be bound using mapping and error binding patterns in variable declarations and destructuring assignment statements has been fixed. Attempting to bind a non-required field will now result in a compilation error.

Author: As discussed offline will use 

```suggestion
- Fixed a spec deviation that allowed non-required fields of records/maps and error detail records/maps to be bound using mapping and error binding patterns in variable declarations and destructuring assignment statements. Attempting to bind a non-required field will now result in a compilation error.
```

```ballerina
type Employee record {
   string name;
   int age?;
};
 
function bindEmployee(Employee emp) {
   string empName;
   int empAge;
 
   // The 'age' field is optional in the `Employee` record type-descriptor.
   // Therefore, attempting to bind it will now result in compilation errors.  
   {name: empName, age: empAge} = emp; // error for `age: empAge`
   var {name: empNameOne, age: empAgeOne} = emp; // error for `age: empAgeOne`
 

>    // Similarly since there is no required field `department` in the `Employee`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   // Similarly, since there is no required `department` field in the `Employee`
```

>    // record the following will also result in an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   // record, the following will also result in an error.
```

   var {name, department} = emp; // error for `department`
}
 
type Error error<record {| int code?; string identifier; boolean...; |}>;
 
function bindError(Error err) {
   // The 'code' field is optional in the detail record of `Error`.
   // Therefore, attempting to bind it will now result in a compilation error.
   Error error(message1, code = code1, identifier = identifier1) = err; // error for 'code = code1'
 

>    // Similarly, attempting to bind an undefined (non-required) field `fatal` will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   // Similarly, attempting to bind an undefined (non-required) `fatal` field will
```

   // also result in a compilation error.
   var error(message, fatal = fatal) = err; // error for 'fatal = fatal'
}
```

> - Ballerina allows shadowing only variables that belong to the module-scope. A bug in the compiler that resulted in some illegal variable shadowing scenarios not being detected has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in the compiler that resulted in some illegal variable shadowing scenarios not being detected. Ballerina allows shadowing only variables that belong to the module scope
```

Author: How does switching the sentences improve this? Shouldn't the context come first?

Reviewer: Same as this [comment](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-release/pull/1824#discussion_r794987126).

```ballerina
function fn(int y, int z) returns int {
   function (int, int, int) returns int f = (x, y, z) => x + y + z; // error: redeclared symbols 'y' and 'z'
 

>    int x = 34; // This is not in an overlapping scope, so does not result in an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   int x = 34; // This is not in an overlapping scope, so, it does not result in an error.
```

   return f(12, 32, 33);
}
 
function createService(int age) returns
       service object { public function getAgeInFiveYears(int age) returns int; } {
   return service object {
           public function getAgeInFiveYears(int age) returns int { // error: redeclared symbol 'age'
               return 5 + age;
           }
       };
 
}
```

> - A bug that caused classes with all `final` fields of immutable types to be considered a `readonly class` (i,e., a subtype of `readonly`) has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that caused classes with all `final` fields of immutable types to be considered a `readonly class` (i,e., a subtype of `readonly`).
```
Shouldn't these bug fixes come under the `Bug Fixes` section?

Author: They are under the bug fixes section already?

> - A bug that caused classes with all `final` fields of immutable types to be considered a `readonly class` (i,e., a subtype of `readonly`) has been fixed.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that caused classes with all `final` fields of immutable types to be considered a `readonly class` (i,e., a subtype of `readonly`).
```

Such a class can no longer be used in a context that expects a subtype of `readonly`.

```ballerina
class Person {
   final string name;
   final string[] & readonly address;
 
   function init(string name, string[] address) {
       self.name = name;
       self.address = address.cloneReadOnly();
   }
 
   function getAddress() returns string => string:'join(", ", ...self.address);
}
 
public function main() {
   Person person = new ("May", ["Palm Grove", "Colombo 3"]);
  

>    // Previously allowed, results in an error now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   // This, which was allowed previously results in an error now.
```

   readonly readOnlyValue = person;
}
```

> - A bug that resulted in invalid table lookups due to not distinguishing between `int`, `float`, and `decimal` zero has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that resulted in invalid table lookups due to not distinguishing between `int`, `float`, and `decimal` zero
```

Reviewer: Same as this [comment](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-release/pull/1824#discussion_r794987126).

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that resulted in invalid table lookups due to not distinguishing between `int`, `float`, and `decimal` zero.
```

```ballerina
import ballerina/io;
 
type Employee record {|
   readonly int|float|decimal age;
   int code;
|};
 
public function main() {
   table<Employee> key(age) empTable = table [
       {age: 0, code: 100} // int `0` is the key
   ];
 
   Employee? v1 = empTable[0f]; // Lookup with float `0` as the key.
   io:println(v1 is Employee); // Previously `true`, now `false`.
 
   Employee? v2 = empTable[0d]; // Lookup with decimal `0` as the key.
   io:println(v2 is Employee); // Previously `true`, now `false`.
 
   Employee? v3 = empTable[0]; // Lookup with int `0` as the key.
   io:println(v3 is Employee); // Only this will continue to be `true`.
}
```

> To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for Swan Lake 2201.0.0](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+Swan+Lake+-+2201.0.0%22+label%3AType%2FBug+label%3ATeam%2FCompilerFE).

Reviewer 3: Nothing related to this PR, but we dont have a milestone called 2201.0.0 right? should we update milestone to GA?

Author: Yes, we need to check this across all areas. 

@pubudu91, will we be changing the milestone names?

Reviewer 4: Can change it I guess. Which would be preferable? `2201.0.0` or `2201.0.0 (Swan Lake)`? 

Also, I think we need to rephrase the above as follows: 
"To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for 2201.0.0 (Swan Lake)]"

Author: I prefer `2201.0.0 (Swan Lake)`. I guess we'll have to discuss this separately. 

@praneesha, please note. This will have to be updated across the release note once finalized.

Reviewer: Yes, +1 for 2201.0.0 (Swan Lake) as we already have that on the [top banner in Bio](http://dev.ballerina.io/) as well.
